iOS Release Notes (#21427)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/mobile-apps-release-notes/new-relic-ios-release-notes/new-relic-ios-6101.mdx

---
subject: Mobile app for iOS
releaseDate: '2025-08-05'
version: '6.9.11'
downloadLink: 'https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/new-relic/id594038638?mt=8'
redirects:
  - /docs/release-notes/mobile-apps-release-notes/new-relic-ios-release-notes/new-relic-ios-6101
---

### Features, Improvements & Fixes

> - Reduced the Login Flow by 2 steps by storing user's domain and redirecting directly to login page of user's auth domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced the login flow by two steps by storing a user's authentication domain and redirecting them directly to their sign-in page.
```

Author: Done
